hello very good we are going to do this
small gameplay with the moon hunter
that touches now
and well first of all say that
in the fat
if you listen to chiller and crying things
like that do not worry
It's my girl
yes sir and we'll see if he lets me record us
this is already a mystery
well I wanted to ask a little
because of course I do it so that
likes above all then
see all these people here
used to dodge here I'm
I used to bludgeon as the
others
well I was going to ask you if
you like it more than go alone
for example in this case
for example, to put me in games
public metapán more people
I do not know, it's better to like it more like that
It depends as you see
the opinions and that then of anything no longer
in this case the nun / I changed
a little the will or recommendation of a
subscriber and the truth that I'm going
pretty good
only changed one skill
it is described that it is good boy is
throwing the microphone if I do not know how
listen and so weird
one more than an elite
has exceeded 8
I changed I had bunches and a
skill that the clusters and I put
elemental flex is what it does is
regenerate regenerates life that is cool
is and puts that the power of the shadow
Well, since it's already healing you, it's what you do
We have already done that part
first part we are going to make the tower
How do we like the tower? Yes, sir.
they like
that's full of people out there
we put a
as it is called satellite sentinel
who goes hungry if you do not see
you think he has nightmares he throws the
nightmare skill wait I tell you yo
before no
there is no elite because they have already joined me
my mother
They came to hand being tap
saying hey send rather
so well like that so if we go here it's worth that
throne
the sentinels do not make them see
there we are
let's finish with that but and we're going to
put cane
very well
you are right
later he would be dead
and I love it
let's search and we will look for elite
is the move, we're going to look for a
little bit of elite is because there is less today
they are here spheres uncle are going to kill me
this can not be a panda
caught tiff
runs runs because they catch us look at another
the law of feeling the power of shadows
We are going to cure a little bit the
seeker please
please save me well
look at me already melee so it's that
here
with the hairs on the chest and here until
I catch as the saved aim of equal
Ok let's go
yes yes listen to me and me but it is
saying yes yes yes they are riddling
these bugs that you know
well let's launch this let's leave
throw in there so that it loads all
and we 're going to go to real crater level 2
this is riddled with bugs and
harpoon throwers the hatreds
let's say runs runs runs
then that is called for a little bit more
to see an elite very well very well
very well daniela I do not ignore what
happen here
my mother x
well they are going to kill me not be boiling
all the amount of people here
but it's not cold and you lower me
my mother hey the skill is
fundamental in the elemental arrow
come and die come with a tourist
I can not do another little thing then nothing
we make a couple of these and we cure ourselves
vítolo no
hey I do not know if he killed attending a
skull
dad where is he
and another elite as a good sentinel
minimum is climbing to this for
record it in the live of that and the country or
be
and flip ice
please take a sphere there
well I am one of the few men who
can do two things
be with my girl here more or less and
play the devil so medium in conditions
come on, come on, I have half the news
I'm thinking here a short time in your
chair when you have 50 subscribers or yes
daniela will not let me talk
Well, they will not listen to me
start recording in 2.0
man would be curious and have to
fly quite a lot or that is it has
luck here
but you do not have to leave the keyboard too much
to catch my girl and good what
commanded
today my crying child must be found
not good then I 'm so sorry that
you have to let the recording is a
pain
the truth that on weekend I've
said I can not touch much computer
it's a shame because I'd like to
record a little bit of the crisis that I chose
that but good in order to this one
until Monday that already when I can
record I spend then